now Samson went to Gaza and saw a harlot
now Samson went to Gaza and saw a harlot there and went into her when the gay
there and went into her when the gay
there and went into her when the gay sites were told Samson has come here
sites were told Samson has come here
sites were told Samson has come here they surrounded the place and lay in
they surrounded the place and lay in
they surrounded the place and lay in wait for him all night at the gate of
wait for him all night at the gate of
wait for him all night at the gate of the city they were quiet all night in
the city they were quiet all night in
the city they were quiet all night in the morning when it is daylight we will
the morning when it is daylight we will
the morning when it is daylight we will kill him
kill him
kill him and Samson lay low till midnight then he
and Samson lay low till midnight then he
and Samson lay low till midnight then he arose at midnight took hold of the doors
arose at midnight took hold of the doors
arose at midnight took hold of the doors of the gate of the city and the two gate
of the gate of the city and the two gate
of the gate of the city and the two gate posts pulled them up bar and all put
posts pulled them up bar and all put
posts pulled them up bar and all put them on his shoulders and carried them
them on his shoulders and carried them
them on his shoulders and carried them to the top of the hill that faces Hebron
afterward it happened that he loved a
afterward it happened that he loved a woman in the valley of Sorek whose name
woman in the valley of Sorek whose name
woman in the valley of Sorek whose name was Delilah and the Lords of the
was Delilah and the Lords of the
was Delilah and the Lords of the Philistines came up to her and said to
Philistines came up to her and said to
Philistines came up to her and said to her entice him and find out where his
her entice him and find out where his
her entice him and find out where his great strength lies and by what means we
great strength lies and by what means we
great strength lies and by what means we may overpower him that we may bind him
may overpower him that we may bind him
may overpower him that we may bind him to afflict him and every one of us will
to afflict him and every one of us will
to afflict him and every one of us will give you 1,100 pieces of silver
give you 1,100 pieces of silver
give you 1,100 pieces of silver so Delilah said to Samson please tell me
so Delilah said to Samson please tell me
so Delilah said to Samson please tell me where your great strength lies and with
where your great strength lies and with
where your great strength lies and with what you may be bound to afflict you if
what you may be bound to afflict you if
what you may be bound to afflict you if they bind me with seven fresh bowl
they bind me with seven fresh bowl
they bind me with seven fresh bowl streams not yet dried then I shall
streams not yet dried then I shall
streams not yet dried then I shall become weak and be like any other man so
become weak and be like any other man so
become weak and be like any other man so the Lords of the Philistines brought up
the Lords of the Philistines brought up
the Lords of the Philistines brought up to her seven fresh bowstrings not yet
to her seven fresh bowstrings not yet
to her seven fresh bowstrings not yet bride and she bound him with them now
bride and she bound him with them now
bride and she bound him with them now men were lying in wait staying with her
men were lying in wait staying with her
men were lying in wait staying with her in the room and she said to him
in the room and she said to him
in the room and she said to him the Philistines are upon you Samson but
the Philistines are upon you Samson but
the Philistines are upon you Samson but he broke the bowstrings as a strand of
he broke the bowstrings as a strand of
he broke the bowstrings as a strand of yarn laughs when it touches fire so the
yarn laughs when it touches fire so the
yarn laughs when it touches fire so the secret of his strength was not no look
secret of his strength was not no look
secret of his strength was not no look you have marked me and told me lies now
you have marked me and told me lies now
you have marked me and told me lies now please tell me what you may be bound
please tell me what you may be bound
please tell me what you may be bound with if they bind me securely with new
with if they bind me securely with new
with if they bind me securely with new ropes that have never been used
ropes that have never been used
ropes that have never been used then I shall become
then I shall become
then I shall become and be like any other man therefore
and be like any other man therefore
and be like any other man therefore Delilah took new ropes and bound him
Delilah took new ropes and bound him
Delilah took new ropes and bound him with them and said to him
with them and said to him
with them and said to him the Philistines are upon you Samson and
the Philistines are upon you Samson and
the Philistines are upon you Samson and men were lying in wait staying in the
men were lying in wait staying in the
men were lying in wait staying in the room but he broke them off his on the
room but he broke them off his on the
room but he broke them off his on the thread until now you have mocked me and
thread until now you have mocked me and
thread until now you have mocked me and told me lies tell me what you may be
told me lies tell me what you may be
told me lies tell me what you may be bound with if you weave the seven locks
bound with if you weave the seven locks
bound with if you weave the seven locks of my head into the web of the Loom so
of my head into the web of the Loom so
of my head into the web of the Loom so she wove it tightly with the baton of
she wove it tightly with the baton of
she wove it tightly with the baton of the Loom and said to him the philistines
the Loom and said to him the philistines
the Loom and said to him the philistines are upon you samson but he awoke from
are upon you samson but he awoke from
are upon you samson but he awoke from his sleep and pulled out to happen in
his sleep and pulled out to happen in
his sleep and pulled out to happen in the web from the loom how can you say I
the web from the loom how can you say I
the web from the loom how can you say I love you when your heart is not with me
love you when your heart is not with me
love you when your heart is not with me you have mocked me these three times and
you have mocked me these three times and
you have mocked me these three times and have not told me where your great
have not told me where your great
have not told me where your great strength lies and it came to pass when
strength lies and it came to pass when
strength lies and it came to pass when she pestered him daily with her words
she pestered him daily with her words
she pestered him daily with her words and pressed him so that his soul was
and pressed him so that his soul was
and pressed him so that his soul was vexed to death that he told her all his
vexed to death that he told her all his
vexed to death that he told her all his heart
heart
heart no razor has ever come upon my head for
no razor has ever come upon my head for
no razor has ever come upon my head for I have been a Nazarite to God from my
I have been a Nazarite to God from my
I have been a Nazarite to God from my mother's womb if I am shaving then my
mother's womb if I am shaving then my
mother's womb if I am shaving then my strength will leave me and I shall
strength will leave me and I shall
strength will leave me and I shall become weak and be like any other man
become weak and be like any other man
become weak and be like any other man when Delilah saw that he had told her
when Delilah saw that he had told her
when Delilah saw that he had told her all his heart
all his heart
all his heart she sent and called for the Lords of the
she sent and called for the Lords of the
she sent and called for the Lords of the Philistines come up once more for he has
Philistines come up once more for he has
Philistines come up once more for he has told me all his heart so the Lords of
told me all his heart so the Lords of
told me all his heart so the Lords of the Philistines came up to her and
the Philistines came up to her and
the Philistines came up to her and brought the money in their hand
brought the money in their hand
brought the money in their hand [Music]
[Music]
[Music] then she lulled him to sleep on her
then she lulled him to sleep on her
then she lulled him to sleep on her knees and called for a man and had him
knees and called for a man and had him
knees and called for a man and had him shave off the seven locks of his head
shave off the seven locks of his head
shave off the seven locks of his head [Music]
[Music]
[Music] then she began to torment him and his
then she began to torment him and his
then she began to torment him and his strength left him the Philistines are
strength left him the Philistines are
strength left him the Philistines are upon you Samson so he will go out as
upon you Samson so he will go out as
upon you Samson so he will go out as before at other times and shake myself
before at other times and shake myself
before at other times and shake myself free but he did not know that the Lord
free but he did not know that the Lord
free but he did not know that the Lord had departed from then the Philistines
had departed from then the Philistines
had departed from then the Philistines took him and put our design and brought
took him and put our design and brought
took him and put our design and brought him down to Gaza they bound him with
him down to Gaza they bound him with
him down to Gaza they bound him with bronze fetter and he became a grinder in
bronze fetter and he became a grinder in
bronze fetter and he became a grinder in the prison
however the hair of his head began to
however the hair of his head began to grow again after it had been shaven now
grow again after it had been shaven now
grow again after it had been shaven now the Lords of the Philistines gathered
the Lords of the Philistines gathered
the Lords of the Philistines gathered together to offer a great sacrifice to
together to offer a great sacrifice to
together to offer a great sacrifice to daven their God and to rejoice our God
daven their God and to rejoice our God
daven their God and to rejoice our God has delivered into our hands
has delivered into our hands
has delivered into our hands Samson our enemy when the people saw him
Samson our enemy when the people saw him
Samson our enemy when the people saw him they praised their God for they said our
they praised their God for they said our
they praised their God for they said our God has delivered into our hands
God has delivered into our hands
God has delivered into our hands our enemy the destroyer of our land and
our enemy the destroyer of our land and
our enemy the destroyer of our land and the one who multiplied our dead so it
the one who multiplied our dead so it
the one who multiplied our dead so it happened when their hearts were merry
happened when their hearts were merry
happened when their hearts were merry but they said call for Samson but he may
but they said call for Samson but he may
but they said call for Samson but he may perform for us so they called for Samson
perform for us so they called for Samson
perform for us so they called for Samson from the prison and he performed for
from the prison and he performed for
from the prison and he performed for them and they stationed him between the
them and they stationed him between the
them and they stationed him between the pillars and Samson set of a lad who held
pillars and Samson set of a lad who held
pillars and Samson set of a lad who held him by the hand let me feel the pillars
him by the hand let me feel the pillars
him by the hand let me feel the pillars which support the temple so that I can
which support the temple so that I can
which support the temple so that I can lean on them
lean on them
lean on them now the temple was full of men and women
now the temple was full of men and women
now the temple was full of men and women all the Lords of the Philistines were
all the Lords of the Philistines were
all the Lords of the Philistines were there about 3,000 men and women on the
there about 3,000 men and women on the
there about 3,000 men and women on the roof watch him while Samson deformed
roof watch him while Samson deformed
roof watch him while Samson deformed then Samson called to the Lord O Lord
then Samson called to the Lord O Lord
then Samson called to the Lord O Lord God remember me I pray strengthen me I
God remember me I pray strengthen me I
God remember me I pray strengthen me I pray just this once
pray just this once
pray just this once Oh God that I may with one blow take
Oh God that I may with one blow take
Oh God that I may with one blow take vengeance on the Philistines for my two
vengeance on the Philistines for my two
vengeance on the Philistines for my two eyes and Samson took hold of the two
eyes and Samson took hold of the two
eyes and Samson took hold of the two middle pillars which supported the
middle pillars which supported the
middle pillars which supported the temple and he braced himself against
temple and he braced himself against
temple and he braced himself against them one on his right and the other on
them one on his right and the other on
them one on his right and the other on his left let me die with the Philistines
his left let me die with the Philistines
his left let me die with the Philistines and he pushed with all his might
and the temple fair on the Lord's and
and the temple fair on the Lord's and all the people who were in it so the
all the people who were in it so the
all the people who were in it so the dead that he killed at his death were
dead that he killed at his death were
dead that he killed at his death were more than he had killed in his life and
more than he had killed in his life and
more than he had killed in his life and his brothers and all his father's
his brothers and all his father's
his brothers and all his father's household came down and took him and
household came down and took him and
household came down and took him and brought him up and buried him between
brought him up and buried him between
brought him up and buried him between zorah and eshtaol in the tomb of his
zorah and eshtaol in the tomb of his
zorah and eshtaol in the tomb of his father
father
father Manoah he had judged Israel 20 years
you
you [Music]